Marcin.0.2.0 cran release ready (#106)
mateuszwyszynski/bdsm: NEWS.md

# bdsm 0.2.0

* Added GitHub Actions Workflows:
    * .github/workflows/R-CMD-check-develop.yaml: A workflow for R CMD checks on the develop branch.
    * .github/workflows/R-CMD-check-main.yaml: A workflow for R CMD checks across multiple operating systems and R versions on the main branch.
* Updated .Rbuildignore:
    * Ignored the .github directory.
* Updated .gitignore:
    * Added rules to ignore R-specific temporary files, build outputs, and vignettes.
* Updated DESCRIPTION:
    * Added rmarkdown and pbapply to Suggested and Imports, respectively.
    * Updated the dependency on R to version >= 3.5.
* Updated NAMESPACE:
    * Adjusted function exports to follow naming conventions (e.g., SEM_* functions renamed to sem_*).
* Re-factored R Functions:
    * Renamed SEM_* functions to sem_* in multiple files for consistency.
* Removed R/SEM_bma.R:
    * The file R/SEM_bma.R was deleted, indicating major re-factoring or deprecation of related functionality.
* Added progress bar for computationally intensive functions

> * Modified refer to the model space as the list containing two named elements: parameters (params) of all considered models and statistics (stats) computed using these parameters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed naming convention and broadened the meaning of a model space.
Now it's a list containing two named elements:
parameters (params) of all considered models
and statistics (stats) computed using these parameters. 
```

> * Modified refer to the model space as the list containing two named elements: parameters (params) of all considered models and statistics (stats) computed using these parameters. 

Reviewer: created my own proposal, but thanks for noticing this
